industry are extremely complicated. there is a lot of interaction going back and forwards here. this creates issues.
current to do list:
    1) build way to accuses and storage data in 'base industry'
instance industry
    issues:
        1)  something i forgot at first is that a 'instance industry' dose not hold all the values and data that it is trying to get
            from its 'base industry'. it also dose not have the functions of the 'base industry'
        2)  default data from the 'games base industry' is not what i want to run in my 'instance industry' by default
            as a result i -cannot use .super for anything-, as it would try to run with the default instances code and cause issues
    solutions:
        1)  get all data and functions from 'base industry'
        2)  store all data in 'base industry'
             -requires a way tog et and store data. ill get to this.
        3)  replace all functions in 'default industry' with copy's of functions from 'games base industry', well calling its
            functions and variables from its 'base industry'

(MarketRetrofit) base industry:
    issues:
        1)  getting data to and from this class.
    solutions:
        1)  give 'instance industry' a reference to this class every time a function is called.
        2)  create a set of functions for storing and receiving data
            every function would correspond to a data type, and would let the me send and receive data as i please



status of default industry and base industry:
    (old)
        some functions require different things to run. some functions require different amount of work to get right.
        i have been looking at my functions and seeing what i required to do, for both 'instance industry' and 'default industry'.
        i want to have the option to override all the classes, even if it is silly, because someone might need one someday.

        i have created some lists to what i thought i needed to do, but they are insufficient. so, new lists:
        2 sets of lists. one for 'base industry' and one for 'default industry'
        the 'base industry' one is for what i need to do in 'base industry' to get it working there.
        the 'default industry' one is for what i need to do there.

        Base Industry:
            run super -> instance:

            run instance -> super:

            run instance:

            run 'set data from instance' before end loop
        default instance:


    (current)
        current plan:
            1) in default instance, replace everything with a copy from baseIndustry
            2) in MarketRetrofit_BaseIndustry create 2 functions:
                2.a) one to call any data from itself
                2.b) one to set any data in itself
            3) in default instance, make it so i collect all data form MarketRetrofit_BaseIndustry.
            4) in MarketRetrofit_BaseIndustry, make it so i recompile all data from default instance
            5) in default instance, every time i call a baseIndustry function, do so from the industry that is being emulated right now.
            (NO. not worth it. let the peple have a slightly harder time with conversion, for a better time without)6) in MarketRetrofit_BaseIndustry, readd all removed functions. they can be handled, i think.
            (I am here)7) in instance industry, apply 5 and 3.
            -currently adding setting instance industrys to get the function getNameForModifier to be from industry.
        issues:
            1)(canceled. being public is the lesser of evils. very easy to adapt to)  i set all functions in default instance to public. im going to try and set the ones that were protected back, and
                see if that makes it easier to connect to the old instance industry.
            2) regarding .super:
                its completely fine on default industry.
                it is not find on instance industry.
                instance industry super returns whatever active defalt industry is in use.
                this is a issue because it dose not return what the super should, and in fact just runs a difrent instance.

        solutions:
            2)
                2.0: remove instance industry
                2.1: change default industry to have a bool value, telling it if its a default industry or not.
                2.2: add 2 sets of functions to default instance. one for defaults, the other for instances.
                result: .super on instance industry will run the super value it is suppose to...?
                no wait a issue: how will i tell the defence between a super and a non super...?
                need to find out how to do that.

        incomplete:
            1) for 2 of the current plan, i cant store or set custom data yet. only existing data can be set right now.
            2) right now i have no way to automatically get and set any extra data that i create
